[Geysers spewing at Yellowstone]
[Tunnel lights showing off at O'Hare]
[Playing peek-a-boo in Florence]
[Watching the snow fall at home]
[Rattlesnakes hissing at Smith Rock]
[Having a blast at Lower South Falls]
[A sudden rain storm at Mt. Rainier]
[Throwing snowballs at the window]
[South Falls plunging down the creek]
[Sea Lions playing with each other at San Francisco's Pier 39]
[Watching a Baked Alaska burn in Minneapolis]
[Big waves in Maui]
[Listening to the church bells in Florence]
[Miniature Ferris Wheels in the Dark at Rock City]
[Waterfall foam at the Falls in Sioux Falls]
[More Waterfall foam at the Falls in Sioux Falls]
[Even more big waves in Maui]
[Enjoying a glockenspiel show at Mt. Angel]
[Look, it's the Tuba player]
[Paying more attention to the kids swinging]
[Amazed by a Bidet in Sorrento]
[Ducks playing at a park in Springfield, Illinois]
[Skipping backwards in Boulder]
[I'm Made in Oregon]
[Moving artwork in Kansas City]
[Traditional German dance at Oktoberfest]
[A nice delicate Fairy Falls in the Columbia River Gorge]
[Kites in sync at Seaside]
[Logs crossing a creek near Mt. Hood]
[Spinning Dreidels upside down on a dryer]
[Goats eating bushes]
[Lots of dancing at Oktoberfest]
[Jamming out to music at the Blues Fest]
[Seagulls seeking attention in Olympia's Budd Inlet]
[A peaceful walk along the Buxton Trail]
[Feeling the wind blow at Rowena Crest]
[Watching wind surfers play in Hood River]